To the max! That's it!
- Come on!
- Go, go, go, go! Bodzio! Get him! Come on!
Bodzio, go, go, go!
Hold on.
Michał, isn't that your car, dude?
Now, now, now.
Shift the gears.
No. Hey, wait. Almost there. Almost there.
Yeah! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Go faster! Now! Ahh!
We got him!
Go!
Can you not?
Just leave it on, Dad.
...beach town of Hel won't disappoint.
Today, we're gonna see ideal weather
for beginners and veteran surfers alike.
Perfect weather.
Sunny with signs showing
Antoś.
Look who's waking up.
Don't cry, sweetie. Please.
We're gonna be there so soon.
Hey, Antoś.
Shh.
Hello.
Ah! Whoo!
Come on!
It's moving now.
That's it. Come on, come on.
Come on, Bodzio!
Sasza!
Whole crew's on-board?
That's how you do it.
Thank you!
You got it.
Why, hello there!
How are we doing?
Should I take off?
- Michał!
- Do it!
Let's go flying.
Whoo!
NETFLIX PRESENTS
♪ How do you
know that's the feeling ♪
♪ That you feel exactly ♪
♪ How do you know that's the feeling
That you feel exactly ♪
♪ You own the
sky like an airplane ♪
♪ And I hope
That maybe someday you will land ♪
♪ Somewhere close to me ♪
♪ So I can tell you
All the things that I do ♪
♪ Or been doin' for us baby ♪
♪ I don't remember why we been hangin'
All around our hometown ♪
♪ But I feel,
I can feel it ♪
♪ I can feel your heart beatin' ♪
♪ When you hold my hand
I am tallest man that walks on the earth ♪
♪ And I'm fallin' for you ♪
♪ I love the way
You share your smile all around you ♪
MISTRAL
HOTEL & SPA
Hello, ladies.
- Hello there, Mr. Miron.
- Oh, I'm happy to see you.
A warm welcome back.
Finally.
The keys are there in the car.
This place has really changed a lot.
Come to Mommy. Come on.
Hello, hello, hello,
little buddy!
What happened?
Don't worry about it!
Fortunately, as a matter of fact,
I like to eat tears!
Look.
And so now, I'll eat them up!
Ooh, that's pretty tasty.
I can see another tear here.
- Ooh, that's so tasty.
- Wow.
Peekaboo!
Professor, you're here!
Oh, my goodness.
I can't believe my own eyes.
Hello.
- And?
- Looking younger every year.
But this time,
I can't take credit.
I live with my husband in Brussels.
But I missed you.
I'll see you during supper. Bye.
I'm sorry you had to wait,
but the apartment's ready.
The same as always, dear professor.
Thank you, Mr. Miron.
Let's go. Ania.
We won't all fit in.
I'll take the next one.
Ania!
Mmm.
I don't know
if it's appropriate for an old man like me
to hug such a beautiful young woman,
but so what?
You only live once. Am I right?
I'd have been offended if you hadn't.
Excuse me. Sorry. Mr. Miron?
This mascot is in terrible taste.
We need to get rid of it.
But the boy's
been working here every summer.
But this year, the rules are changing.
What? Haven't you noticed yet?
Sorry for butting in like this,
but, um, that bear was a big help.
He managed to distract my baby brother,
which isn't easy to do.
We really do owe a lot to him.
Just make sure he washes
and properly disinfects that costume.
Right.
There you go. There you go.
Thank you. That's all.
- Have a good day.
- You too.
May I?
Yeah.
I'm Crumb.
Ania.
"Crumb" is just my stage name.
To friends, I'm Janek.
Hi, Janek.
Thanks for helping me out at the hotel.
No problem.
Hmm?
Mmm.
Okay.
Smoking is definitely very bad
for your health. Although...
Help me?
As they all say...
everything that's cool
is either unhealthy,
or is fattening,
or it's immoral.
I'm a fan of cool things.
Except sometimes it makes my fur stink,
and that's not so cool.
All right, I gotta go,
or that harpy's gonna kill me.
Are you coming or staying?
I'm staying.
Been looking forward to this view.
All right.
Bye. I'm off to see the little ones.
Oh, the eurodeputy's wife is here.
Alone again?
She knows what she's doing,
diversifying her portfolio.
Gąssowski is looking pretty good too.
Yeah, he looks good, huh?
I can only hope
I'll look that good at his age.
But you are his age.
Mmm.
Here come the stars of the evening.
- Hel welcomes back Warsaw.
- Hi, hi, hi. Hello.
I could not suffer through
another summer without you.
Really. Absolutely no way.
Hi, Andrzej.
- Hi, Marek.
- Hi, Auntie.
Oh, you're grown.
I'm so happy to see you again, honey.
I'm really happy
that you came here, you know.
Sit down. Sit down here.
- Right next to Kuba.
- There.
- You're looking beautiful.
- Thank you.
Well, well, well...
I assume you've gossiped about everyone?
Of course.
t's our favorite pastime.
Of course. Do you remember
what we used to get up to here?
That's not true.
This guy was the biggest drunk.
Of course.
Good evening, everyone.
- Is everything to your liking?
- Yes.
Um, my name is Miranda.
If you need anything,
the waiters will come to you.
You just need to let me know.
Why don't we start
with an Aperol each?
No, thank you.
- Two more Aperols.
- Of course.
Oh, stop it. Don't.
Marek, watch it.
- Stop. Now.
- All right, all right.
So, listen, we have news. Good news.
We also have news,
but you can go first.
Okay, we'll go first.
We're going back to Poland permanently.
Ah.
- Uh, thank you.
- Thank you.
And the pandemic has
chased you out of London?
No way.
And didn't it ruin you?
No. On the contrary, I had to employ
some additional staff doctors.
We're struggling to keep up,
but I'm not complaining.
Dad is also expanding.
We're opening a new law firm.
This time in Warsaw.
And London will be running the office.
Remotely!
- All right, it's time for our news.
- Hope it's good.
Looks like our kids
will miss each other,
because Ania just got into med school.
King's College. Early admission.
I couldn't be more proud.
- Well!
- Oh!
Such wonderful news.
That's surprising.
A success!
Well, bravo! Bra... No, bravo.
Uh, Mareczek, hey.
Of course. We will toast with champagne
to Ania's success.
- Waiter!
- I'm very sorry.
Could we please order
a bottle of champagne?
Thank you very much.
Congrats.
You'll eventually take over
your dad's clinic, right?
Dunno.
I'm still mulling it all over.
Just haven't decided yet.
Of course, you still have some time.
Maybe you could do
your residency in pediatrics,
and we'll go from there.
Champagne, sir.
Oh!
I'm sure
Ania will have other ambitions...
Excuse me,
are you just going to stand there?
Ah, there you go.
She'll be an excellent doctor.
Female doctor.
Male, female, is there a difference?
Gynecologist, Dad.
- I'm so sorry!
- No, I'm sorry.
Why don't I...
- It's my fault.
- Hands off my daughter.
Back in the day,
this would have been unthinkable.
Ania, everything all right?
- So sorry.
- Incompetent!
Mr. Michał.
I assure you,
this will never happen again.
I am truly sorry.
Of course, the champagne is on the house.
- Mm-hmm. It better be.
- At least that's something.
Hey, wait up.
I apologize.
Thank you.
Uh, "thank you"?
If it weren't for you and the champagne,
I probably wouldn't have found
a way to escape from there.
You were impressive, though.
I wouldn't even have lasted
a second in there.
So you overheard us?
I didn't mean to, but I heard.
Waitstaff's always invisible.
I'm so sorry.
Let's promise to stop apologizing
and thanking each other.
You've escaped,
and that's all that matters.
Thank you.
I apologize.
Wait, we just promised...
Did we promise each other something?
Have a good night.
Ania?
Ania.
You made quite a scene.
You made me look like a monster.
Did you have to involve everyone
in our... our family problems?
But we did have an agreement
that one day...
I mean, one day,
you'd come work at my practice.
You know I get worried.
What are you so worried about?
Me having an opinion?
It's like your greatest fear is
me having a thought of my own.
I want you to be taken care of.
- I do feel taken care of.
- Mmm.
Too taken care of.
Antek!
Honey, calm down.
- Please, it's your turn now.
- Here. I got him.
Oh.
- Are you sure?
- Baby boy. Hey, you wanna come with me?
Come on. Shh, shh, shh. Shh.
Jesus.
- Oh, I'll wipe it off.
- Wait.
I'll take him. I'll take him. Here. Here.
And now Daddy would like to eat something.
I gotta eat too,
from time to time.
Good, good, good.
- Let me feed him.
- No, I can manage. Thank you.
I can manage.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I was just trying to help you out.
- It's just a spill. Everybody spills.
- Oh, I... Listen, girls. Yoga.
- What do you say?
- Come here, sweetie. Hold on, Antoś.
- Yoga?
- Mm-hmm.
You could use some yoga.
But it says here these are
special classes for women who would like
to discover their inner peace and balance.
I can discover inner peace and balance
lying on a deck chair.
Hello.
Excuse me.
Can I please get a glass?
Okay, okay, okay. Sand, sand...
Patrycja, why don't we go?
'Cause I'd feel weird going alone.
Yeah, no way. I'm going to be lying
on a deck chair all day.
Dad can take care of Antek.
They'll be able to bond.
Hmm. Want to get
to know your son better?
- Here. Get to know each other.
- What would you like to eat?
- Let's go.
- Let's get cheese.
- Bye. Good luck, boys.
- We'll get some cheese.
And, well... Mm-hmm.
What do you want to eat?
You want cheese?
This cheese is dripping with juice, see?
They're hiding from me.
I've sent them off to yoga.
And the next time, I'll think twice
before I suggest they leave him with me.
Hold him, please. Here.
Uh...
Upsie-up!
I don't think Ania likes being around me.
I hadn't noticed.
You haven't seen each other in a while.
She's avoiding me.
You don't have to be so dramatic.
You see each other twice a year.
Hmm.
Does she still play the piano?
Sometimes.
But I think I managed
to talk her out of trying to be a pianist.
The artistic life really isn't for her.
Constant stress, the touring...
To be a successful artist,
you need to have a very thick skin.
And a huge ego.
Oh, no.
Gentlemen, please let me
take care of the baby.
We looked into your request,
and we offer the services
of a professional babysitter.
Yes. We also have
a wonderful daycare program
for our little ones. Yes.
A fantastic one.
- Oh.
- Come on.
Aw, there you are.
No need to cry.
Come on, let's smile.
Let's smile a little. Yes. There.
Bye-bye, Antoś.
Bye.
Oh, come with me.
What is that. Hey, look.
♪ How do you know that's the feeling
That you feel exactly ♪
♪ How do you
know that's the feeling ♪
- In order to turn right...
- Oh.
...pull with your right hand, like that,
while letting go with your left hand.
Then move the entire rig...
- And then?
- ...to the right here.
When you want to go left,
you do the same thing.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Think you got it, Miss Aldona?
- Uh-huh.
But you can call me Aldona.
So, when are we gonna fly?
I think we've got time for that.
Well, Mikey-boy?
Are we heading out or what?
- We are.
- What's going on here?
Yes, we are. Of course we are.
Okay. Listen, ladies.
Oh, and gentlemen. Can't forget them.
Can you please all gather 'round here?
Uh, and our surf team's gonna take
excellent care of all of you today.
We'll explain the basics
for staying safe out in the water.
We'll explain how to safely
and properly use all the equipment.
Um, why don't you come join us?
No. We're here for yoga.
Unfortunately, there's no yoga today.
Our colleague is sick.
But we do have kites here.
Wanna join us?
Oh, no. We have no gear or anything.
We have everything here.
Come on.
Don't make us beg.
Hey, we're ready.
We'll get you into a wet-suit.
- Me?
- Right.
The zipper's on the back.
- Ah!
- On the back. Yeah.
Everybody sees, nobody tells me.
Bodzio,
why don't you get us started?
First, we'll find you a harness.
A small or an extra-small?
Medium.
Uh, try this extra-small.
No, turn it. Mm-hmm.
Very well done.
But it's upside-down.
- May I?
- Yeah.
Uh, you'd better exhale now.
- It's okay? Not too tight?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Who are you, anyway?
A surfer? A waiter?
And you?
Right now, I'm just your student.
Please lean backwards.
It's okay?
- Yes? That's okay?
- Yeah.
Ready? But, uh...
Michał, what should we take?
Um...
J-Just take some tens.
Hey, get me 13, please.
We can always switch later.
All right.
I definitely prefer
teaching on this beach here.
Currently, the wind is from the north.
Might be a little chilly for you.
I don't think you're gonna need those.
- And over there?
- Really windy.
Back there's the bay?
Exactly.
The wind's really forceful,
but if you're able to control that,
it's not gonna hurt you.
There.
So now I'm gonna go
in little circles, just like this.
And whenever you feel like you're ready...
- No. Ready for...
- ...then feel free to take control of it.
- No.
- I'll go slowly.
Now, I'm letting go with one hand.
- Steer it. Steer it.
- Ah.
- Ah!
- Uh-huh.
All right. To the left. All right.
I'm releasing my hand, more and more.
That's good.
Oh!
No! Help me. Hold it, please.
- Hold on. All right.
- Go right.
- Keep holding on.
- I'm holding on.
- Got me?
- Yeah.
And if we wanna
just turn a little bit more,
you can feel it gain speed.
It builds up even more force.
You see? You see that?
See?
Make sure you put sunscreen on.
I don't want you to get sunburned.
Remember last time?
Do you remember that kid?
That one I was always super jealous of.
He kept
following you everywhere,
and whenever he saw you,
he kept saying how you were
the most beautiful girl
in the whole, entire hotel.
Asshole.
♪ 'Cause I'm a legend ♪
And if you remember,
I just couldn't take it.
I beat his ass and told him
you were my girlfriend.
♪ I'll be here through the end ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a legend ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm a legend ♪
You don't have to
start your whole career from scratch.
It's just easier.
♪ I'm just being myself
Don't wanna be nobody else ♪
You know what I mean? For example,
I can't imagine being anything else.
I love law, you know?
Just like my dad.
♪ I'm a legend ♪
♪ I'll be here through the end ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a legend ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm a legend ♪
Ania!
Don't go under for so long.
You know it makes me worried.
She really is acting kind of weird.
- What'd you say?
- What? Me?
Nothing.
Huh. It crushed on me again.
Crashed on you.
Crashed on me.
Mm-hmm. It's ready now.
Thank you.
Er, I don't know if you remember,
but when you were younger,
when you came here s-straight inside
from the... the swimming pool,
you would have me
sit you up on the counter
and... and you wanted to check in
and greet all the guests with me.
And one time, your mama,
when she saw you like that...
Instead of scolding you...
...she jumped up on the counter,
and together, you dangled your bare feet.
You should have seen all the guests.
Oh.
Mama.
Come on.
I'll show you something.
I haven't played in forever.
I'm not a musician,
but I don't think
it's something you can forget.
- Watch the handle. Take it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got it. When
are you gonna repair it?
You handling it?
- Sure.
- It's being taken care of.
♪ The holidays are
Finally here ♪
♪ Sunshine and summertime
And beach and the waves ♪
♪ All day long I'll be humming
'Cause I don't know the words ♪
♪ Usually,
I prefer it ♪
Can you give us a hand?
Karol,
turn up the vocals, if you can.
♪ Michał, I have a question for you
From the band when you've got a moment ♪
- What's up, bro?
- Listen, man.
This is the classic problem.
You got all the
plates, but not the food.
You'll handle it, right?
There, did you hear that? Big props.
Michael, nice. Thank you.
♪ Oh, Mary, Mary ♪
♪ Oh, Mary, Mary, Mary ♪
♪ Roll you up in the morning ♪
♪ Oh, Mary, Mary ♪
♪ Oh, Mary, Mary, Mary ♪
♪ When you're weed
Or you're hash ♪
♪ Oh, Mary, Mary
Oh, Mary, Mary, Mary ♪
Ania.
There you are.
So, I, uh, heard that Gąssowski's
giving a concert this evening.
I hear you like
him, or your mother did.
I have to stay here with Antek.
What do you want?
Excuse me.
Ugh.
I don't know what's going on.
- Do I annoy you?
- You don't annoy me. It's not that.
I'd actually prefer
not to do anything at all.
But you don't have to do anything.
Just listen to the music.
Taken.
Where's your mother?
I don't know.
And Ania didn't change her mind, did she?
Couldn't a babysitter
have stayed with Antek?
Yeah. We got a sitter.
He's here, he's here, he's here!
Applause.
♪ Where are those
Unforgettable house parties ♪
♪ Elvis, Sedaka
"Speedy Gonzales" or "Diana" ♪
♪ Wine under the
coat, flowers in hand ♪
♪ Evening, turntable, and you ♪
♪ All of the
hits of Czerwone Gitary ♪
♪ Life was so worth living ♪
Are you gonna sing?
♪ Where are those girls?
Where is that world? ♪
♪ Where are our memories ♪
♪ Of those crazy, wonderful years? ♪
♪ Where are those
Unforgettable house parties? ♪
Ania! Ania!
Ania, hey, wait up.
Ania, hey!
Ania!
- Hi.
- Hi. So glad you joined us.
You know some of our crew. Maniana.
- Hi.
- What's up?
- Bodzio.
- Hey there.
Hey.
This is my girlfriend, Kalina.
- Kalina.
- Ania.
This is Sasza.
Ania.
Ania's one of our trainees
from the hotel.
Girl from the hotel? She's brave.
Sasza is from Ukraine.
She lives here,
and she studies in the Tricity.
And she's a close friend of Michał's.
Actually, she's our friend too.
She's awesome at kite-surfing.
Actually, she's even better
than Maniana and Bodzio.
What's up, guys?
Listen up, guys.
Here with me, with
us, with all of us,
a very good friend of mine, Mateusz.
And he's here with his band Bitamina.
Have you heard of them?
Here with me tonight is Michał.
Not from the band Bitamina.
Have you guys heard of him?
Nope.
All right, are we ready?
On two, yeah?
So here it goes. Mmm.
Dude, let's do this dance. Watch me.
Uh-huh. And...
Let me hear you make some noise.
Mmm, that's it.
Whoo, yeah!
♪ I go into a place
Where the queue is split in two ♪
♪ The second part goes around the corner
But that doesn't concern me, no ♪
♪ I go in when I want ♪
♪ With that dough I
go when I want ♪
♪ Nobody elbows me
I have a lot of space ♪
♪ No, it's no miracle
I get my drink in a couple of seconds ♪
♪ I think the bartender
Recognizes my face ♪
♪ He saw it
in a music video ♪
♪ And here I am up close ♪
♪ I spill onto the dance floor
Like hot wax ♪
♪ I throw a punch
Two steps to the side, turn ♪
♪ You caught my eye
And you'd better give it back ♪
♪ No place for you in it ♪
♪ Call me Pablo
No, today call me Stavros ♪
♪ Let's drink retsina
From your navel,opa ♪
♪ I'm getting into it ♪
♪ You're so beautiful ♪
♪ I like it
The rest when we get out of the club ♪
♪ Maybe we'll take an Uber ♪
♪ Maybe by some miracle ♪
♪ I'll give you my number ♪
♪ And you just dance ♪
♪ And you just dance, baby ♪
♪ You just dance ♪
Niko.
Watch out. She's the same
as that chick from last year.
What if you get your heart broken
and you get depressed like last time?
She's different.
Michał, every chick from the hotel
is different, right? Different than us.
Make some noise!
That's right! Uh-huh.
Yeah!
Maniana!
Come on!
Whoo! All right!
- Wow!
- There he goes.
There he goes.
Maniana,
let's go surfing in the morning!
Hey, who gets up that early
just to go surfing?
- Got a joint?
- Yeah.
Dude, listen.
If I'm supposed to start teaching at 9:00,
then I have to be up at 7:30.
So in any case,
I'm not sleeping much tonight.
Not much difference if
I get up at 5:00,
but at least I'll be surfing.
Empty spot. Sun will be low then.
I'll be on the water till 7:30.
At 8:00 I'll drink coffee.
And then I'll just be like,
"I've had a fucking awesome morning."
That makes sense.
You want a hit?
No, thanks. I don't smoke.
Maybe it's time to start.
And maybe it's time
for you to chill out.
But I'll take a hit of that.
Come on, sit down.
So, still going surfing?
7:30, 8:00, 9:00,
that's a boring morning.
- Go on.
- But five o'clock...
- ...7:30, 8:00, nine o'clock.
Fucking awesome morning.
That's dope.
I should get back.
You wanna come?
You can still say yes.
- Bye. Thank you.
- Bye.
I'll be going too. See you.
- Sasza.
I might not look like I'm a bodyguard,
but I'm not going to let you
walk home alone at night.
You really scared me.
You're the one who scared me.
Mmm. I had to go... get some air.
Freaks me out whenever you disappear.
And I get upset...
when you try to control me.
I'm an adult now.
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm?
Mmm.
You're the most important person
in the world to me.
And I would never forgive myself
if your depression came back.
Don't worry.
I'm just a little bit tired.
I know that smell.
Oh-ho-ho! Where are you going?
I'm gonna get you,
and then we're gonna build
a huge sand castle!
Uncle?
Hey, Kuba.
Have you seen Ania?
I've been looking for her.
She wasn't at breakfast.
She was sleeping like a log
when we left. I didn't want to wake her.
Ania had a really hard time.
It's been hard for me to reach her,
to get her out of her room,
but I'm not giving up.
Hmm.
Just give her a little more time, hmm?
Antoś.
Okay, now we're flying.
Now we're flying.
Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry.
I didn't want to disturb you.
I'll come back later.
No, no, please don't mind me.
I gotta go soon anyway.
I'll come back.
Uh, have a good day.
Goodbye.
Thank you very much. Ania. Hi.
- Olga.
- Hi there.
- Have a nice day.
- Goodbye.
...ate an ice cream
and miraculously got better!
Ice cream! Ice cream!
Ice cream! Ice cream!
- How much?
- A fiver.
Oh, no thanks.
An old man was sick,
lying in his deathbed.
He refused to eat ice cream
and he quickly died.
Ice cream! Ice cream! Ice cream!
Corn on the cob,
corn on the cob!
Twice a week
and your sex drive is the best!
For a woman, for a man!
Corn cob, hot on the grill!
Ice cream!
Ice cream! Ice cream! Ice cream!
Look.
Take the lollipop out.
Take out the lollipop
so he doesn't skewer himself.
Fresh fruit that's been
sun-ripened in southern Italy.
Thank you. I'm not that hungry.
- Ready?
- Watch that serve.
Up here. Good.
- Okay, hit it.
- Michał, play.
- Michał, come on!
- Sorry, sorry. Sorry.
There, got it!
Whoo!
- Oh!
- That's good!
- I prefer the kite, okay?
- Sure.
Right here.
Michał, what's wrong?
- Go, go. It's fine. Go ahead.
- All right. Are we packing up?
Can I?
Come in.
I think we need to talk.
No need.
But if you want to.
- You barricaded yourself in your room.
- I did not.
You know, I understand one day. Two.
But it's been quite a while, you know?
I just need some time.
Okay.
All right.
I just can't sit through any more meals
constantly hearing Antoś screaming
"Where's Ania?" over and over
So, either you eat downstairs with us,
or I stay up here with you.
Up to you.
- You don't have any pride, do you?
- None.
At least look me in the eyes.
Okay, I'm looking.
Still the most beautiful girl
in the world.
I'm gonna stay right here.
Kuba.
Yeah?
I know we haven't discussed this much,
but I was wondering if you could clarify
how much you value women.
Oh, thank you very much.
What women?
There's only one woman
who matters to me.
Ever since we began talking,
we agreed you'd be my girlfriend, right?
And you remember
our little wedding at the beach?
- Hmm?
- Of course I do.
We should do that again.
Well, how about now?
Jakub, I think that maybe
it's now time
for our little surprise here.
Kuba was just waiting
for the right moment.
Excuse me.
Um,
except you... you suddenly disappeared.
Well, I'm back now.
- Hmm.
- Kuba?
Ania.
I can't imagine
living my life without you.
That's why me and my parents decided
that I will not move out of London.
We're not gonna rent out our flat.
You can stay there with me,
and we can get
to know each other better.
We could start
building a life together, and...
Ania!
Well, it seems like all that therapy
didn't work so well.
Can you please keep
your opinions to yourself?
You could use it too.
Sex addiction is treatable.
Oh, Mama, help.
I know it's been hard for you.
I certainly see it.
Um, I was thinking about you.
Especially since I have
a stepdaughter your age.
You have a daughter?
You've never even talked about her.
How should I, uh, say it. Um...
Um, a-a couple of ago, um,
I fell in love.
And, um, this old widower ended up
with a beautiful woman with a child.
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
I got my snot all over your suit.
Oh. No... no matter.
I'll leave your tears as a souvenir.
And you know, I...
Earlier, I
-I saw...
I saw Michał running out of the hotel.
And he looked unusually upset.
You
-You really like him, don't you?
He's a good boy,
but he's very sensitive.
I owe a lot to him.
He was the one
that took care of my stepdaughter
when she came here from Ukraine.
And not knowing the language
or any people here...
And he got her into kite-surfing,
into his group of friends.
And from then on,
he's been... he's been her best friend.
And what's the name of your daughter?
It's Sasza.
I love you, Mr. Miron.
Mmm. Ah.
♪ Shepherds have come to Bethlehem ♪
♪ Playing lively for the
baby on a lyre ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens
And peace on Earth ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens
And peace on Earth ♪
♪ They worshiped with humility ♪
♪ You, with an
honest heart, oh God ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens
And peace on Earth ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens ♪
♪ Glory in the heavens
And peace on Earth ♪
- Ready? Merry Christmas!
- Happy holidays!
Hey, cheers.
Sasza,
just give me a minute, okay? Excuse me.
Happy holidays, you guys.
We're never able
to meet up during Christmas-time,
and we all really wish we could.
So, that's why every July 24th,
we meet up and have our own.
Our own Christmas together.
With chosen family.
And we'll have to do this again.
Maybe, like, next weekend? Sound good?
Yeah! Oh, that'd be awesome.
Michał?
I'm sorry.
Yeah!
Can you pass the wafers, Sasza?
- Right, wafers.
- We got wafers, so we can continue.
- All right!
- You forgot the wafers!
For you.
I hope that you...
I hope you can stop being afraid.
That you start
believing in yourself and others.
Believing in the kind of people
who are always kind to each other.
I don't want to cause you pain.
I don't want you to ever doubt yourself
and your worth, or forget who you are.
You're good.
Clever...
sweet,
and wise.
Authentic.
Merry Christmas.
Hey there, hey.
- Oh, hi.
- Happy holidays to you.
Thank you. Merry Christmas.
I know you're gonna
do amazing in the competition.
- Health and happiness.
- I'm glad you're here.
I'm trying to do something.
A lot of health, happiness,
and positive energy.
It's gonna be fine.
Everything will be fine.
- A lot of wind in your kite...
- A thousand gusty beaches.
Thanks.
Hey, come on, everybody.
Get in here. Let's go.
♪ I can't stand the fear
I wanna disappear ♪
♪ But baby can't you see
That I am really dancing in the dark? ♪
♪ Wish me luck ♪
♪ I can't stand the fear
I wanna disappear ♪
♪ But baby can't you see
That I am really dancing in the dark? ♪
♪ Sometimes it seems to be
It's easy to be me ♪
♪ 'Cause just before the dark
There always comes a little bit of light ♪
♪ So hold me up
while I see no use ♪
♪ Settle it up
While I'm losing my control ♪
♪ I feel I
can no longer see ♪
♪ My baby, can't
you see me near? ♪
♪ Charge me up while
I'm out of fuel ♪
♪ Settle it up
And make the view more real ♪
♪ So I could
see the color's back ♪
♪ And I don't want no tears
I wanna just be here ♪
♪ But baby can't you see
That all I need is ♪
♪ A little bit of trust ♪
Show me the text.
"Do not worry about me. I'm safe.
I've made some new friends.
We're having a lot of fun.
Hmm. "I will stay
with my female friend at a camping site.
It's great. Sleep tight.
I will talk to you tomorrow.
Please trust me."
Here.
She's not here for one night,
and we might as well not be here at all,
and you wouldn't even notice, Andre.
Yes.
"How are you, Pati?" Hmm?
"What did you do today?
How are you feeling?
How's our son doing?
Stop it. You're an adult.
So is she, Andre.
Usually for me,
it takes me months
to be able to trust someone.
So tell me, how'd you do it?
Stick around
and I'll show you.
[both chuckle[
My mom passed away five years ago.
Cancer.
At the beginning
of my senior year of high school...
something inside me just froze.
My whole life collapsed,
and I stopped studying, eating, sleeping.
And what was she like, your mom?
Amazing.
She was cheerful.
Independent.
Warm.
And smart.
She made friends with everyone instantly.
She was a jazz singer.
She was great.
Now the house is so quiet.
Maniana, this your bar?
- It is.
- Oh.
- Oh, yeah? Thank you.
- Hop in. Come on.
Oh.
- All right.
- Hey, Sasza.
- He's in there. Go.
- Now go.
All right, chill out. We have to...
Yeah, yeah.
- Push.
- Everything's okay.
I can help you push.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
One, two...
Three. Opa!
♪ When I walk outside I see
The temperatures rise ♪
♪ I'm gonna go downtown ♪
♪ To leave all the places behind ♪
♪ I'm giving up my life ♪
♪ To be there with you 'round ♪
♪ Gonna walk outside to see
The temperatures rise ♪
♪ Gonna try to freeze the moment ♪
♪ And never return ♪
♪ Just to see you again ♪
♪ I'm giving up my life ♪
♪ To be there with you 'round ♪
Michał!
The competition is in two days.
Focus.
- You remember it all?
- We'll find out.
Bravo! Bravo!
Whoo!
Are you having fun?
I haven't had so
much fun a long time.
So what happens now?
What do you mean?
Now you'll go back to your normal life
and forget all about this fun?
You don't know me.
Last year, there was
another rich girl hanging with us.
Michał fell in love.
But when he went after her to Warsaw,
she pretended she didn't know him.
Leave it.
I know you are
a good friend to him.
Yes, I guess I am.
That's why I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
get him out of a dark place again.
I don't know what'll happen now,
and neither do you,
but I don't play with
other people's emotions.
Take it from here?
- Smoke it up!
- Oh, yeah!
- Roll it up!
- You couldn't be more of a bum.
No, not here. Shh. No, Maniana.
Whatever.
Hey, girl, that was fun.
Yeah.
I don't get it, though.
What don't you get?
I... I sent you a text message.
- Well, you didn't call.
- But I texted you, didn't I?
I'm doing everything I can
to not worry you.
- Hmm?
- I'm trying.
I haven't been picking fights with people.
I don't party. I vacation with you.
I'm going to med school.
I can't keep on living this way,
just trying to please everybody
all the time, Dad.
I was always so
afraid of making you sad
that I've worked on myself.
I've undergone therapy.
And now it's your turn.
Ania, I'm really trying here.
You never said goodbye to Mom.
That's not true.
You see her everywhere.
In me.
In Patrycja.
You know, yesterday
was the first day in a long time
that I actually felt happy.
I love you.
And I'm here.
All right, what do you wanna do?
Dunno.
- Everything's...
- Going too fast?
Going too fast.
Hey, Dad?
What, honey?
I've fallen in love.
Baby car?
Well, I would like
to apologize to all of you
for my outburst.
I was just surprised.
But I didn't mean to offend anyone.
Thank you so very much for the offer,
but I have to think it through.
But Ania,
what is there to think about
when this is the
best offer you could get?
Stop it!
Stop trying to arrange our lives for us.
Focus on your own life.
Son, what's with this behavior?
You're talking about my behavior?
And how about your own behavior?
You're trying to impose
your opinions on everybody else.
Excuse me.
We'll have a little peace for an hour,
since Antoś is being taken care of, and...
What are you...
What are you doing?
I'm packing.
What do you mean? For what? Why?
Because I'm leaving!
- Patrycja, have you gone crazy? Now?
- Yeah, I'm the one who's crazy.
Your little girl can act out
in front of all the guests,
not come home for the night,
but I'm crazy? Of course. Fucking nuts!
Hey, hey, hey!
- I talked to her, and we...
- Doesn't look like it helped, Andre.
Everyone has to tiptoe around her
all the time.
Everyone needs to be quiet
so her bullshit depression
doesn't come back.
- Come here.
- No!
I'm neither a doctor
nor an artist. I know.
I cannot meet your expectations.
Just admit it.
I cannot meet them.
I can never replace your wife
and I can never replace her mother.
You make sure I'm aware, every day.
Patrycja is right, you know, Dad.
I'm sorry.
[tender music playing
I'm sorry about everything.
I just didn't understand.
Sasza, have you seen Michał?
Shouldn't I be asking you that?
Come on. Michał asked me
to bring you over there.
And their names are
Józef Łazanka and Michał Kijowski.
All right, let's go.
Three, two, and one...
♪ If I spoke to you
I would close my eyes ♪
♪ So no one's
gonna find this night ♪
♪ If I have made a mistake
You wouldn't guess ♪
♪ No one knows I've
been such a mess ♪
♪ I'm moving on ♪
♪ One summer day ♪
♪ I know it's hard
But no longer can stay ♪
Michał!
♪ If I made a mistake ♪
♪ And you would laugh ♪
♪ No one knows
I've been such a mess ♪
Michał, Michał!
Michał! Michał! Woo-hoo!
Yes!
- Oh, my God.
- Holy fuck.
- Is he okay?
- Michał!
Michał!
Ania.
Dad says they still
don't know anything yet.
They're supposed to call back tomorrow.
Sorry, I can't sit still.
Everyone wanted to come pick you up,
to drive that hunk of junk
to the hospital,
but I was able to
talk them out of it.
Well, thank you very much.
No need for you to thank me.
I promised Ania I'd bring you back
in one piece.
Comfortable?
Yeah.
Very.
Thank you.
- He lives!
- Hey.
He lives.
This really isn't necessary.
Mm-hmm. I'm the boss here,
and the doctor told me
to keep a close eye on you.
You're alive!
You're alive.
Michał, let me know
if you need anything else.
Thank you.
What was that?
- Hey, man.
- Hi. Good to see you.
Yeah. Chałupy, where you at?
Good, that's great.
So listen, for this next song here,
I'm gonna need some support.
And I know I've got
a real trooper here tonight,
so I'm trying to
find him in the crowd.
Where is that dude? Okay, Michał.
Get on up here.
Make some noise for Michał.
Come on, come on, come on.
Don't you run away from me.
This guy's a real crooner on the mic.
You know that?
He's a legend.
He's got the chops, right?
You know the verse?
♪ What you did was a no-no ♪
♪ You made a
na-na-na-na-na in my head ♪
♪ They tell us to run forward ♪
♪ ...be together ♪
♪ Right and left, up and down ♪
Hello, boss!
Wanna dance?
How about a shower first?
♪ Show us
How your people dance ♪
♪ Listen to the drums,
step on the twos ♪
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey. Stop.
Stop. Stop.
What?
Hey! Go on, go on!
Ania.
Can you lend me a hand?
Whoa!
Bravo!
Ania!
♪ Sunshine, I won't give you
What you don't want ♪
♪ Sunshine, with you
It looks more beautiful ♪
♪ I don't know you well
But I know who you are ♪
♪ Don't be afraid of a dark forest path
We're together ♪
♪ Show me how you dance
Show me love and heart ♪
♪ Take care of me
I'll make your dreams come true ♪
♪ I love risk and you ♪
♪ Honey, if you want to ♪
♪ I can give you my heart on a platter
Because... ♪
♪ What you did was a no-no ♪
That's why.
♪ You made a
na-na-na-na-na in my head ♪
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
♪ There's no mistakes, whatever you like ♪
♪ Listen to the drums,
step on the twos ♪
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
♪ There's no mistakes, whatever you like ♪
♪ Listen to the drums,
step on the twos ♪
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
♪ There's no mistakes, whatever you like ♪
♪ Listen to the drums,
step on the twos ♪
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
Yeah, Chałupy!
Make some noise for yourselves.
Come on, show me your style.
Whether it's breakdance or cha-cha,
or Cuban Ballas style.
Bring it!
♪ Show us how your people dance ♪
Just remember who kissed you first.
That's not all.
I'm just getting started.
Bitamina to the max!
Do you still have the strength?
We're not finishing.
We're just getting started.
♪ When the world is crumbling ♪
♪ And the sky is gray ♪
♪ And those years of friendship ♪
♪ Well, it's all gone away ♪
♪ Along comes redemption ♪
♪ And it's more
than I can say ♪
♪ Oh, my love ♪
♪ And it's more
than just a feeling ♪
♪ If I spoke to you
I would close my eyes ♪
♪ So no one's
gonna find this night ♪
♪ That I've made a mistake
You wouldn't guess ♪
♪ No one knows I've
been such a mess ♪
♪ I'm moving on, one summer day ♪
♪ I know it's hard
But no longer can stay ♪
♪ If I spoke to you
I would close my eyes ♪
♪ So no one's
gonna find this night ♪
♪ If I made a mistake
How you will laugh ♪
♪ No one knows I've
been such a mess ♪